= Vimwiki notes wiki =

== Problems ==
* Cannot see a way of getting vimwiki to process markup characters as normal
  characters (escaping). Backslashes don't appear to work.
	- vimwiki markup characters do not appear to be processed between backticks (can't even use three backticks here to express a backtick wrapped in `<code>` tags, which may be a bug) for `<code>`, or `{{{`s for `<pre>`. But what about when we don't want the text rapped in those tags?
	- Possible temporary hacks: could do something with custom LinkHandler/LinkConverter/IncludeHandler? And HTML could be included as-is with templates, but that would require separate file. All would be terrible though.

Unable to find a decent cross-platform alternative, so sticking with it for now.


== Basic commands ==

<L> = leader key (default `\`)

[count]<L>ww
	Open index file of [count]'s wiki.
	Without count, opens first wiki from |g:vimwiki_list|.

[count]<L>wt
	Open index file of [count]'s wiki in a new tab.
	
<L>ws
	List and select available wikis.


<L>wd
	Delete wiki page we're in.


<L>wr
	Rename wiki page we're in.


== Definition lists ==

{{{ 
Term 1:: Definition 1
Term 2::
:: Definition 2
:: Definition 3
}}}

<kbd>
Term 1:: Definition 1
Term 2::
:: Definition 2
:: Definition 3
</kbd>


== Searches ==

`:VimwikiSearch /pattern/`
`:VWS /pattern/`
Search for /pattern/ in all files of current wiki.
Then:
`:lopen`: all matches
`:lnext`: next match
`:lprevious`: previous match

`:VimwikiBacklinks`
`:VWB`
Search for wikilinks to current wiki page in all files of current wiki.
`:lopen` etc., same as `:VWS`.


== Table of contents ==

`:VimwikiTOC` creates the magic header
`= Contents =`
in the current file, and below it a table of contents generated from existing
headers and subheaders in the file.

Documentation says that if we don't want the TOC to sit in the very first line,
we can put the magic header in the second or third line and run :VimwikiTOC to
update the TOC. But there does not currently appear to be a way to change the
header level of the Contents header, so it must be h1 -- meaning we can't have
any other h1s in the file.
